##### Pattern types
- __min_max:__
  Available for integer, decimal and date datatypes.

  Define min value and max value. Random data will be generated between and including these values. 
  
  For integer and decimal datatype, even if values are given in decimal, those will be converted into integers. For date datatype, values will be defined in date format.

- __range:__
  Available for integer, decimal and date datatypes.

  Define min and increment value. Series of data will be generated starting from min value and incrementing by increment value. 
  
  For integer datatype, if min and increment values are given in decimal, those will be converted into integers. For decimal datatype, only min value will be converted to integer. For date datatype, min value will be taken in date format and increment value will be converted to integer.

- __list:__
  Available for all datatypes.

  Data will be generated by selecting elements from list randomly. List can be defined by defining all its elements separated by comma (,). Example- For list "A,B,C", data will be generated by selecting A, B and C elements randomly.

  For bool datatype, if no. of elements defined are more than 2 then only first 2 elements will be taken to generate data. Max 20 elements can be added in a list and length of each list element must be less than 30.

- __calculated__
  Available for decimal and integer datatype.

  Data will be generated as per the expression defined for calculation. Supported operations are +, -, /, *, **(exponent), %(division remainder), //(integer division) with boolean operations like and, or, &(and), |(or).
  
  If valid columns are not defined or columns defined are not of decimal/integer type, it will throw an error. Ex. - (col1 + col2) / 2 is an valid expression if col1, col2 are of decimal/integer datatype

- __expression:__
  Availble only for string datatype.

  Data will be generated based on expression defined.

  Expression syntax (just an example, order is not fixed):

  `fixed_letters(random_letters:a,b)[element1,element2,element3]{column_substitute}`
  
  - () - Everything inside these braces will be selected randomly.
  - [] - Everything inside these braces is considered as a list similar to above list pattern type.
  - {} - Column name must be given inside these braces, values from that column will be substituted here. Column name must be valid.
  - Everything outside braces will be taken as it is.
  - :a,b - This will define the length of word to be generated. If a=1, b=3 then length of word will be between 1 and 3.
  - :a - This will define the length of word to be generated is a. If a=1 then length of word will be 1.
  - The characters - `:, (, ), [, ], {, }, \, ", '`  must be escaped using (`\`) character if defined inside `()` braces only.

  Special tokens:
  - \ul: Select random letter from A-B.
  - \ll: Select random letter from a-b.
  - \l: Select random letter from A-Ba-b.
  - \d: select random letter from 0-9.

  Very specific words can be generated by combining several (), [] and {} expressions.

  Examples:
  - To generate email IDs the expression to use is - `(\ul:1)(\ll:5,7)(.:1)(\ll:3,5)[@gmail.com,@hotmail.com,@yahoo.com]`. Data will look like this,

    | # | Email IDs |
    |---|-----------|
    | 0 | Sdaqkizf.ghq@yahoo.com |
    | 1 | Awmtepfa.xqyxl@gmail.com |
    | 2 | Gwurluu.ixz@gmail.com |
    | 3 | Bizxixi.aphew@hotmail.com |
    | 4 | Zaayxrla.nvzq@gmail.com |
  - To generate phone numbers the expression to use is - `+91-(123:1)(\d:9)`. Data will look like this,

    | # | Phone |
    |---|-----------|
    | 0 | +91-2586847418 |
    | 1 | +91-3111813323 |
    | 2 | +91-2610339551 |
    | 3 | +91-2677296952 |
    | 4 | +91-2762165190 |
  - To generate data with characters `:, (, ), [, ], \` the expression to use is - `(\:\(\):2,3)`. Data will look like this,

    | # | Escape chars |
    |---|-----------|
    | 0 | (:: |
    | 1 | :( |
    | 2 | )( |
    | 3 | (( |
    | 4 | )( |
  - To generate email IDs related to first_name and last_name the expression to use is - `{first_name}[.,_]{last_name}(\d:0,2)[@gmail.com,@hotmail.com,@yahoo.com]` (Note - for first_name expression is `(\ul:1)(\ll:3,7)` and for last_name expression is `(\ul:1)(\ll:3,5)`). Data will look like this, 

    | # | first_name | last_name | email_ID |
    |---|------------|-----------|----------|
    | 0	| Jaqhvh | Rxuujl	| Jaqhvh.Rxuujl56@gmail.com |
    | 1	| Zgaxk	| Pvhe | Zgaxk_Pvhe2@gmail.com |
    | 2	| Tcpwkeh	| Fton | Tcpwkeh.Fton@hotmail.com |
    | 3	| Ehondmzk | Mbwhmt | Ehondmzk_Mbwhmt4@yahoo.com |
    | 4	| Injdk | Iiin | Injdk.Iiin@hotmail.com |


